it's a tremendous honor to have a
photographer like Annie Leibowitz want
to come to our set it was incredibly
exciting to see her experience a new
generation and bring it alive on the
page these people that law you know that
in a galaxy far far away it's a journey
that people can relate to Star Wars as
many things but at the core of this
story had to be the thing an exciting
story work which is the the characters
and was just that idea of this new young
generation and that feeling of this
brand new adventure this brand new story
that would be a bridge between what we
know and who we know and everything that
comes next